updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16673)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/how-to-call-wcf-service-operations-asynchronously.md

ms.assetid: 0face17f-43ca-417b-9b33-737c0fc360df
---
# How to: Call WCF Service Operations Asynchronously

> This topic covers how a client can access a service operation asynchronously. The service in this topic implements the `ICalculator` interface. The client can call the operations on this interface asynchronously by using the event-driven asynchronous calling model. (For more information about the event-based asynchronous calling model, see [Multithreaded Programming with the Event-based Asynchronous Pattern](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/asynchronous-programming-patterns/event-based-asynchronous-pattern-eap)). For an example that shows how to implement an operation asynchronously in a service, see [How to: Implement an Asynchronous Service Operation](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/how-to-implement-an-asynchronous-service-operation.md). For more information about synchronous and asynchronous operations, see [Synchronous and Asynchronous Operations](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/synchronous-and-asynchronous-operations.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This article covers how a client can access a service operation asynchronously. The service in this article implements the `ICalculator` interface. The client can call the operations on this interface asynchronously by using the event-driven asynchronous calling model. (For more information about the event-based asynchronous calling model, see [Multithreaded Programming with the Event-based Asynchronous Pattern](../../../standard/asynchronous-programming-patterns/event-based-asynchronous-pattern-eap.md)). For an example that shows how to implement an operation asynchronously in a service, see [How to: Implement an Asynchronous Service Operation](../how-to-implement-an-asynchronous-service-operation.md). For more information about synchronous and asynchronous operations, see [Synchronous and Asynchronous Operations](../synchronous-and-asynchronous-operations.md).  
```
